hi oh yeah gotta go if you wanted to
drive you we gotta go no I want personal
chauffeur going works okay seriously dad
walking would have been fine
breaking news spider-man saves the day
again spider-man this guy swings in once
the day zip zap zop dancing gosh don't
cops run red lights well some do but uh
not your dad in your universe there's
only one spider-man but there's another
universe it looks this sounds like yours
but it's not my name is Miles Morales
thank you you like me
I knew my day would come around this
time I know it's complicated
wanna know what happened to you I can
teach you to be spider-man hmm I love
this burger so delicious one of the best
burgers I've ever had
you have money right I'm not very liquid
right now I think you're gonna be a bad
teacher how am I supposed to save the
whole world you can't think about saving
the world you have to think about saving
one person one thing I know for sure
don't do it like me do it like you
[Applause]
[Music]
just see the sparking it's amazing hair
drop whatever you choose to do with it
you'll be great
I love you moms no dad you gotta say I
love you back are you serious I wanna
hear it you want to hear look at this
way I love you dad I love you got a kind
of Swing just like I thought when did
you teach me that I didn't it's a little
joke the team-building hey guys okay
who are you I'm Gwen Stacy come on
people are there same as a comic-con
what's coming
you